upi/metal: Add pxe_kernel_args, stop using pxe_os_image_url (#3865)
openshift/installer: docs/user/metal/install_upi.md

* `rd.neednet=1`: [CoreOS Installer][coreos-installer] needs internet access to fetch the OS image that needs to be installed on the machine.

> * `coreos.inst.image_url`: If you're not using a live image based initrd you will need to specify a [CoreOS Installer][coreos-installer] image. A live image is available starting in 4.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `coreos.inst.image_url`: Required for versions <= 4.5 only; should be the URL to a CoreOS "metal" image
```

Author: thanks, sgtm
